What are you doing? Do you really want me?
Did you forget
We've been dating since we were 16.
And today is our 18th anniversary.
You can get a divorce if you want.
You have to promise me three conditions.
One, I don't live with your family.
second
You quit your job third
We want a child Lin Feng
Your request is so unreasonable.
I can't abandon my family
Less likely to quit their job
As for the children
I've never had a big life
Then there's nothing to talk about
Divorce
Lin Feng, you will definitely regret my divorce
I'll give you one last chance.
If you remarry me now
I will forgive you
Give me your pay card within three days
Otherwise see you in court
How could you be so cruel?
Okay, let's not make a clean break
Sir, sir.
How have you been?